that we are here with a
really legendary
a craft is totally treated
of an aircraft that was precisely
constructed
in the city to prepare we're going to talk
with the director of the project the engineer cabos de debord olic
I'm going to tell you about this one hasbro 504 carlos
What does this mean for a company behind Argentina?
good as you see the company pulsan was characterized
I make them a very interesting challenge
haiti this other more
this plane is a plane of 1913
n of English origin
although we do not manufacture as a replica with the original materials
that respecting all the nautical why
and for that, a lot of work has been done in everything
computing flat computing and really carpentry and blacksmithing
It is really craft
that is why the materials that will be used
will be urban avenue was a bit of the history of Avro 504 a plane I
many years ago
Esteve was initially that manufactured
with intentions to defect
a venezuela
so that they make you sneak me royally has a skate for the pilot
no capote the plane should
so that it does not touch they say the floor
and is built in very light wood we are talking about a pine is cross
origin
Canadian Americans
that weighs exactly half that which would start a standard pine and known for
we
in the long life part that part where in that appointment more reinforcement is
conceived
in a right more ash the brake mother also very hard very noble very
elastic
based on the impacts
and part of that because of the pillars of Allah is built in
humanities in the hand gaal a defeat of leisure with us but not mature
intentions to support those with the greatest impact of the posts
cotano sinde the engine he has some peculiarity
what is the performance or what are the main characteristics of an engine
from what I see radial
This mode still has 160 hp and has 160 kilos, so in the weight ratio
power of an airplane
and has it will move 1850 turn
it was with that power and with that revolution in a plane that flies
again at low speed
has its characteristic maximum mendaro perfomance of the 100 miles
per hour
as corners the project
he augured 504 a few years ago and over here in parana that we do not have
Juan Antonio was close to the company, Mr. Jorge Jorge.
in another unit with air force people
who decide to build this plane because it was the first airplane that was manufactured
here in the military factory in the city of córdoba
and of that 100 specimens were built, of which this moment in Argentina
there is absolutely none
then there was a lack I do not know the time of the project
How was the project how it started or what are the first steps that
perform until you get after a long time of martino to have this
model here
if given the
the little information we had about this plane that we built a
scale model 1 1 exactly the same nothing more than materials not
aeronautical
this allowed us to adjust all the planes that nobody wants to learn a little
this office of day does not
is not now in pointing to any school then we manufacture the
mockup the dome minor year was the previous step to be able to manufacture this airplane
take off the first plane that goes olarte we calculate lima good in 15 days
past
in 15 days
on August 15 of the flying new podium to achieve
fly in this time now on this date that was planned due to still
they will avoid the engine of the munco cine tv
he had a skirt
no no lifts to appear from always we decided for now
postpone the project until I love it with all the security they need hours
beyond this the technological advances that it has
today and that of renault and that is used in the renaut and cafes a really vicious
incredible what the artisans do added reads like this the carpenters
anabolic engineers and all people that make up the family of san
argentina chiroque telepresence will arrive in 3d is not sow good friend of the
character is noted for its craftsmanship there are not very young people
very enthusiastic
of this type of work
for Carlos thank you very much and congratulations for the work
that they carry out from sara argentina efe in favor of aviation and
aeronautics
steal a taste thank you very much
we were with engineer Cape of Bórtoli is the director
our sector
del cabro 504 manufactured in parana
precisely in the hangars of the second air brigade the capital
provincial by the company by san argentina